WHEN YOU TURN YOUR BACK FOR 2 SECONDS
#SPELTBABY
Leo, you rascal.
WHEN MOM IS THE KID!
-Isn't it nice?
-Having fun?
We're great,
but she doesn't want to play with me.
Don't you want to paint, sweetheart?
Don't you?
Wave to Mom.
-Look, sweetie.
-Oh, no…
DAD APPARENTLY LIKES MUD THE MOST…
#NICEGIRL
Will you look at that?
MAYBE BABY 2
Leo!
Leo, come here,
or you're not getting any birthday cake.
Leo, I'm not saying it again! Come here!
Honey, you shouldn't threaten
children with punishment.
All the parenting books say so.
Don't you start, Andreas--
Sorry.
-No…
-No!
Oh, Leo!
-Oh, Leo!
-You've got that one.
Leo…
Dad… A pair.
-A pair.
-How on earth do you keep winning?
Honey, don't let her win every time.
She should learn how to handle defeat.
What? But I'm not letting her.
It's just that she… Yes.
-What?
-You guys are just cute together.
I win.
A pair.
-Damn it, Sille. You keep winning.
-Fine.
-Two.
-What?
Did Dad curse twice?
Bad dad.
I'm going to eat you.
Yes, I'm going to eat you.
…from one hand. And when you reach
the hole, you grab some herring brine--
Lars, that's not an appropriate topic
for a children's birthday party!
Right! The buns are ready.
Delicious!
-Wow…
-You should have said so.
If you didn't have time to bake,
I could have helped you.
Those are the best tea buns
from the bakery, my favorite.
-So I asked for them.
-You know what?
It's so nice to see you again.
It's been too long.
You too, Liv.
Yeah?
-No, Leo.
-Has it been a rough week?
Yes, Dad. I've changed his clothes
three times today and bathed him twice.
Soon it will be a third time.
It can be demanding
raising a wonderful rascal of a child.
I should know.
Right. Now it's time!
Will you look at that?
And who's the one turning two today?
-Me.
-Would you like this one?
-Yes.
There you go, honey.
-And a gift for you, Sille.
-Thank you very much.
She's got great language skills
for a two-year-old.
-Wow!
-How cool!
-It's so cool.
-Really cool.
-Wow…
-So pretty.
-I want to wear it.
-Right now?
Yes. Let her try it on.
Wow.
-Pretty.
-Are you a princess?
It's so pretty, honey.
Do you want to see what I have for you?
I made it myself.
There you go, Leo.
-Have a look.
-Me look.
-Wow!
-What is it?
-Leo, really!
-You should say thank you for the nice…
Shorts?
-They're beautiful, Liv.
-It's alpaca wool.
Me jump.
-Is he all right?
-What happened?
Oh, sweetheart. Come here.
Dad!
-Sweetie, did you hurt yourself?
-Right. Always Dad.
It was quite a leap too. Let me see.
-Need help with the dishes?
-That would be great.
Yes.
Has Leo had his biannual checkup yet?
-No. It's on the to-do list.
-Sille's went great.
She's perfectly healthy.
The doctor said
she's hyper-intelligent or highly gifted.
-Wow.
-Yeah.
How wonderful!
Christ…
Have you heard
that Cecilie is going to be made partner?
-Really? Congratulations.
-Well, it's not all settled yet.
So we've been super busy at home lately.
Really? That doesn't sound very healthy.
Not too busy, okay?
It's not like I'm bleeding
from my ears. I'm fine.
Of course.
It's great that you love what you do.
It makes you happier at home, right?
Right.
And then they lived in here
when they grew up. What do we call this?
It's called a house.
And where's the thing you enter through?
If you're entering a house, you use a…
House. A house.
-No, that's not a house. That's a door.
-Honey?
It's late. Don't you think
I should give it a try?
Right. Good night, sweetie.
-You little firecracker. Time to sleep.
-No, no, no.
-Here. Lie down now.
-No!
-Leo, lie down.
-Not Mom.
Yes, that's just the way it is.
-Dad!
-Leo, lie down.
No, lie down. Leo, it's late.
You need to sleep.
We have to get up early, Leo.
You have to go to sleep now. Sleep.
-Christ…
-A success?
Two hours, 23 minutes, and 17 seconds.
Twelve seconds faster than me yesterday.
I don't get it.
How did he turn out so wild? I mean…
-Perhaps Malte has a point.
-With what?
That you're too busy.
Your stress rubs off on Leo.
What can I do? Coming back
after maternity leave was hard.
Breaking into that boys' club.
I'm this close at becoming a partner.
-Perhaps we could get an au pair.
-No. We're not getting an au pair.
I called my au pair "mom"
for most of my childhood.
Leo's not doing that.
All right. I'm booking
his biannual checkup for Wednesday.
Right.
-The parent-teacher meeting's on Thursday.
-This Thursday?
I already told you.
He doesn't have a transitional jacket.
He needs a haircut.
And sign him up for swimming
before the 1st or he won't get a spot.
I'm sure we'll manage it all in time.
-Do you know what you need?
-I need to sleep.
I think you need to relax.
No, honey.
I don't have the energy for that.
No…
-You can pick her up today, right?
-Don't you think it's your turn?
Right, but I'm in high demand right now.
The phone is ringing
off the hook with clients.
Thanks, honey.
But remember,
you're in high demand here too.
Things were so chaotic
at Cecilie and Andreas's place.
But no wonder
with that dynamo of a kid they have.
-What? He's cute.
-Sure, he's great.
I'm more worried about Cecilie.
She's not connecting
with her role as a mother.
Oops. Honey, I'm off.
Remember to use positive words with Sille.
Negative words affect her language.
-And don't forget to shop for dinner.
-Was that a question?
-See you tonight.
-Tonight?
-Late afternoon, okay?
-But…
See you, honey. Bye.
See you. Bye-bye.
-Bye.
-Love you guys.
What do you say?
You want to listen to death metal
and trash the place?
No.
Thank you, Liv. That was great.
You're welcome, Thomas.
I'm glad we got you loosened up.
It should help with your migraine.
-I hope so. See you.
-See you in a week. Bye.
Pumpkin, there's been a mistake.
It says you have a client
at 7:00 p.m. on Wednesday.
-Yes.
-Wednesday is my dinner day.
-We always hang out, the whole family.
-Right--
It's not good for Sille
for you to work so much.
-Especially since Malte always--
-Tulip.
Tulip, Mom.
-I didn't say anything negative.
-You were about to.
Hi, Liv.
Hi, Jakob. Lovely to see you.
You too. And I really need treatment
before the cabinet meeting on Tuesday.
Oh boy. Shall we go have a look at you?
-Yes.
-Great.
Right. She should be here any minute.
Sorry.
Hi, sweetie.
-Right.
-Sorry.
-Hi, sweetie.
-Hi.
-All right, I'm ready.
-Yes. And we are actually done.
-Yes.
-Okay.
And what's the result regarding…
-Oh, intelligence.
-Yes.
-Intelligence?
-Yes. Is he outside the normal spectrum?
Don't worry. Everything is fine.
It's just that we…
we've been wondering whether…
-If something might be wrong.
-How so?
Well, he's got an energy level that's…
He's all over the place all the time.
So…
-Perhaps not right now--
-I haven't noticed anything.
Leo's behavior is well within the norm.
Kids vary in their activity levels.
He doesn't sleep at night.
I'm up seven to twelve times a night.
We thought that perhaps we could
get something that would help him.
Are you suggesting
I prescribe sleeping pills to a child?
No, I would never suggest that.
Not actual sleeping pills.
I'm talking sleeping pills for children.
Or just melatonin. Melatonin for children.
Right. Perhaps we could just start
by doing a blood test?
To rule out ADHD.
Psychiatric disorders
don't show up in blood tests.
Then perhaps it's something else.
He bruises quite easily.
-Perhaps it's his blood sugar.
-I doubt it.
You doubt it, but you don't know.
It could be anemia.
It could be meningitis.
It could be scarlet fever,
rubella, scurvy.
All right. I'll do a skin prick test.
Hopefully that'll alleviate your concerns.
That would alleviate my… our concerns.
Thanks, I have to get this.
-Right now, Cecilie?
-I'll be right back.
-Hi, Max.
-Hi, Cecilie.
-You didn't accept the meeting invitation.
-I'm at the doctor's right now.
You're not pregnant again, are you?
No, Max. I'm not.
That would practically defy nature by now.
-Anything else?
-No.
I just wanted to say
it's tomorrow at 7:30 a.m.
If that's too early,
I can just take the lead
and brief you afterward.
No, 7:30 a.m. is perfect.
I'll see you then, okay?
Bye.
Christ…
Right… There, swipe. It's on silent mode.
What's wrong? Oh no, he's sick.
What is it? Does he have hepatitis?
Malaria? Not the mumps, is it?
Andreas and I were just talking about
how odd it is that Leo has blood type 0.
-Why? Is that dangerous?
-No.
But it requires that both parents
pass on the blood type 0 genes.
-And Andreas is telling me…
-What are you telling him?
What's going on? What's wrong?
-Hi.
-Please have a seat.
So…
-Here we are again, right?
-Yes.
And we'd very much like
an explanation for all of this.
-An explanation for what?
-I'll let the two gentlemen explain.
-Mogens, do you want to…
-No, you go ahead.
Right. As you may recall,
we had a mix-up in the egg tray
here a few years ago.
Get to the point. What…
Mogens?
Would you…
No, please continue.
It's the funniest thing. As it turns out,
we didn't switch them after all.
-What?
-So we had everything under control.
You've got to be kidding me.
Are they kidding?
No, Malte. It's true.
Our doctor found out
that Leo's blood type doesn't match ours.
-That's absolutely insane!
-How the hell could this happen?
Well, they had actually
been switched, but then…
then Lone messed things up.
Who the hell is Lone?
-Our nurse. Yes.
-Our nurse.
She found the mistake and corrected it,
making everything right again.
-Typical women.
-But then…
-And she didn't tell you?
-She did.
Or she claims she did, but…
You know how it is
with those kinds of women.
-She's been fired, of course.
-Yes.
Let me just get this straight.
You've known all along?
-Why are we only hearing about it now?
-At that point, you'd already switched.
-Right.
-And we were terribly busy.
Oh yeah? With what?
Well, and Thorbjørn figured
you'd be happier not knowing.
Weren't you much happier
before you found out?
Don't forget,
you got two healthy kids out of this.
-You wouldn't do without them, right?
-Well, almost.
I obviously don't mean that.
All right. So what do we do now?
Well, we figured you'd be satisfied
with the kids you got, so…
wouldn't it be easier
to just forget the whole thing?
-Let bygones be bygones, you know?
-Right, done deal.
-We can't just do that.
-All right. Then you could just switch.
I mean, maybe do
the baby switcheroo again.
I'll sue them,
then I'll drag them through media hell.
-And then I'll crush them so they never--
-Is that such a good idea, Cecilie?
-You're not going to drag my kid anywhere.
-Which one of them?
-Shouldn't we focus on the children?
-Liv is right.
This is about Leo and Sille.
Sille.
I can't believe my daughter has
almost the same name as me.
-Absurd.
-What about me?
I had Sille's name tattooed on me.
-Oh lord.
-Wow.
-But it explains a lot.
-What do you mean?
It makes sense that Sille is so…
And Leo is…
-What do you mean?
-What do you think?
-Excuse me.
We're getting sidetracked.
-We should be able to find a solution.
-How?
In a way, they were right when they said
we were happier before we knew.
And nobody else knows,
so perhaps we should just move on?
-My daughter can't be raised by those two.
-Sille is not your daughter.
Okay. Remind me who gave birth to her
and shares her genes?
-Okay, but then Leo is actually ours.
-Yes, he is.
How does that feel, Cecilie?
I suggest we take a time-out.
Let's all go home and talk things through.
We can meet tomorrow
and calmly figure out a solution.
Great idea.
-Yes.
-Great.
Great.
Right. Let's all go home
and pretend everything is normal.
The most important thing
is not to cause the kids to panic.
-Oh God.
-The kids!
-Oh no!
-Can I have the check, please?
Hi, sweet Sille.
-Hi, sweetie.
-Hi, honey.
Hi.
Welcome. I'm glad you could make it.
-We're sorry.
-So sorry, Janus.
Don't worry about it.
It's not like I have my own life to live.
We know, but…
we've had the most chaotic day.
Hi, sweetheart.
It's a bit complicated, but…
we've just found out that Leo
is actually Liv and Malte's child.
And Sille is Cecilie's and my child.
-Right, that's how we feel too.
-Yeah.
There!
She's taking all the credit
for that perfect grandchild?
-Who?
-Ulla.
-But we'll see who gets the last laugh.
-No one is laughing at all, Mom.
We were the ones
who insisted on switching them back.
Right, Andreas.
We wouldn't have had any issues
if we had listened to Liv.
Gosh. You found it.
Yes. Here.
-Oh my, this is the album with--
-Oh, no, you don't.
There.
She looks just like me.
She's so pretty.
Oh, the sweet little thing.
Oh… She's the spitting image of you.
Honey?
You just keep calm and carry on.
The universe gave you that child,
and no one is claiming my grandchild.
But this isn't just about Sille anymore.
It's about Leo too.
How will he feel
when he finds out as an adult?
I can't let him down.
It's a shame that he has to grow up
in that manipulative family--
-Tulip.
-Honey, you have to agree that--
-Mom!
-The environment you grow up in matters.
-A lot, actually.
-Yes, but so do the genes.
I thought a lot about it growing up.
What do you mean?
I mean that
I'm sad I didn't know my father.
Don't be. He wasn't worth meeting.
That's your opinion, Mom.
He's my dad.
Maybe I would feel different.
You never gave me the chance to find out.
You've never said
you wanted to know about him.
Well, I'm saying it now.
I don't know.
Perhaps it's this crazy situation, but…
It's important to know
where you come from.
His name is, as you know,
Poul. Poul Frederiksen.
He was studying medicine
when I became pregnant.
Medicine? You said he was on welfare.
Welfare, student grant,
what's the difference?
I see.
I always imagined he was an artist
or a musician or something like that.
He became something boring.
A scientist or a doctor or something.
Welcome.
How can I help you?
-Do you have a minute, Jan?
-If you can do it in ten seconds.
Remember the case
with my friend a few years back?
Who had her fertilized egg switched?
Oh, right. What a circus.
Yes.
Now it freaking turns out
the eggs weren't switched after all.
So she got their child,
and her genetic child ended up with them.
That sounds complicated as hell.
Yes, it's quite a mess.
I'm now wondering if there's
anything legal she should keep in mind?
I really can't say. Ask Max.
-Max?
-Yes. His specialty is family law.
Typical.
Oh, I don't know, Cecilie.
Legally speaking, I think we could wrest
the child back to your friend.
As a rule, you're entitled
to the child you gave birth to.
Even though it was a few years ago?
It depends on the child's attachment.
I can look into it, but I think the court
would rule for the biological mother.
It's an interesting custody case.
Right up my alley.
But we still don't know
if she wants to do it.
There's the son too. My friend's son.
I don't know if she'll part with him.
I don't think she'll get both, Cecilie.
Unless there's neglect involved.
It'll get really complicated
if we have to prove
that the parents are,
in fact, unfit to raise a child.
Right. Unfortunately, they're not.
Right.
If she won't part with the other child,
then maybe a better idea
would be to just agree
to some kind of blended family life.
I'm sorry, what?
-Co-living.
Right, but how did you imagine
that would work?
You could move in here.
We have a giant house.
You could make extra money
by renting out your allotment house.
Yes, allotment gardens are in high demand.
Yours is in a great location.
Listen. If we do this,
we can be with our kids all the time.
Right? You'll get the big guest room,
of course, the one with the balcony.
-Facing south.
-The dining room and kitchen are communal.
And the cars?
Our cars are your cars.
I mean, when we're not using them.
Right, honey?
-That's great!
-No…
We'll have a lot more energy
if we help each other with the chores.
Dropping them off and picking them up.
Or what, Liv?
Would you rather just switch?
If we switch, Leo will start
soccer practice. He's obviously a natural.
-I'd never give up Leo.
-No, but Sille is your real daughter.
If you could pick now,
who would you choose?
I don't want to choose.
I'll never give up Sille.
Exactly. That's what I mean.
How would you feel
if your biological child grew up
without you being part of their life?
I need to be close
to my biological daughter.
So, co-living.
It's a very nice idea.
I just don't think
I could feel at home here, when it's so--
Liv, of course, you can make it your own,
however you like.
-Yes…
-And the park outside?
-Could we make it a soccer field?
-Well…
Of course.
Take out all the rose bushes you want.
-Great!
-That's how much we want it.
Yes.
-It's a great idea.
-Right, but then what?
-Will we be living according to rules?
-Rules schmules.
You'll live your life as you always have.
I think it could be quite amazing.
All right, let's do it.
Looks great there.
Thank you. I'll take that.
-Cheers.
-Cheers, honey.
You're eating that?
Leo!
Sleep tight.
-Here.
-No!
There…
Christ…
Christ!
Jump, Mom.
Yes, you go jump.
-Good morning.
-Yes, such a great morning.
Christ…
Is everything okay?
I didn't sleep so well.
That sucks.
-Want to do yoga with me?
-No, thanks.
-Good morning.
That looks nice. Who wants coffee?
Double espresso.
Is there any more milk?
Milk? We've got goat's milk. Is that okay?
Goat's milk? Wow. Can you foam it?
I don't know.
-I'll give it a try.
-Do that.
Sille isn't having Kinder milk slices.
-Why not?
-We don't eat those in our family.
A little milk won't harm her.
Right, Sille?
Imagine if you just love milk and meat,
and you're forced to be vegan.
That would be a shame. Right?
We don't force her to do anything.
And it's not about the milk.
-They're full of palm oil.
-Palms are plants.
What's the problem?
Its production causes
huge humanitarian and climate challenges.
And I just want my daughter
to grow up in a better world. Period.
Thank you.
-Good morning.
-Christ…
-Sleep well?
-Yes. What about you?
-Yes.
-Thanks for letting me sleep.
-You're welcome. You taking over?
-See you tonight.
-Tonight?
-Don't forget, my mom's coming later.
-Your mom?
-It's Wednesday.
-What happens on Wednesdays?
-My mom cooks dinner every Wednesday.
-But now things have changed.
But you told us
to keep on living like normal.
You did say that.
You better be careful.
You don't want to be late.
Right, I have a showing
of that double plot
which is impossible to sell,
so wish me luck.
-See you, honey.
-See you.
-Have a nice day, Malte.
-Bye.
-Bye, kids. Love you.
Malte, they should be placed bottom up,
all the way to the left.
Thank you.
-Do you always go to work this late?
-We have a seminar today.
-Seminar?
-A team-building seminar.
And you? Don't electricians get up
before the crack of dawn?
We do, but Liv and I take turns.
Someone has to drop off the princess.
Could you take Leo to daycare as well?
Sure. That's the point of all this, right?
POUL FREDERIKSEN
DANISH DOCTOR, PH.D. AND ENTREPRENEUR
Honey, I just moved the late client.
Why did you book another one?
Because we want more customers
to grow the business.
I don't think we need that.
You shouldn't work yourself to death.
No, but I want to do it.
-Why are you looking up Poul?
-Because I'm curious.
How come you broke off contact with him?
It all got so complicated.
And he was always busy with his career.
Couldn't I have seen him once in a while?
Are you saying I'm not enough for you?
No! It's just that I see
how important Malte is for Sille.
I'd have liked having that
with my dad too.
That's not a good idea.
Why not?
Well, because
he didn't want anything to do with you.
He chose his job over us. Over you.
And the two of you are very different.
Fortunately, you're more like me.
He's nothing to get excited about.
Trust me.
Even during the onboarding process,
it's all about alignment.
We need to play to each other's strengths.
We do that by streamlining work patterns.
-What a load of crap.
-It's not crap, Cecilie.
It's exciting to hear
what everyone thinks.
Very exciting.
Thank you. As I said,
one of the cornerstones, like we said,
is this stakeholder one-on-one situation,
where people feel
that alignment is in place.
And that's why the element
of streamlining
those work patterns is so essential
for the transition to the normal…
What's going on, Cecilie?
I'm sorry. I'm on pick-up duty today.
So I have to leave soon.
You can't miss this.
-It's too important.
-But, Jan--
You have to stick around until we're done.
It's only… What's the time, Max?
It's only 4:00 p.m.
Right. It's only 4:00 p.m.
It's still early.
Thank you, Cecilie. Go on.
Right. This creates the flow
needed for the transition
to the normal team cadence
that lifts the energy.
Yes. You'll have it when I get
to the office first thing in the morning.
I just have two things
I need to check first.
-Okay.
-We still have time before the deadline.
-It's urgent.
-I promise you'll have it tomorrow.
I just need to… Hi.
TURN OFF YOUR PHONE
YOU'RE GOING TO MEET YOUR CHILD
I have to go. Talk to you later.
Hi, Janus.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I know it's two minutes to…
two minutes past. My meeting dragged on.
Tell that to Leo, okay?
Right.
Leo, I'm sorry.
Hi, sweetie.
And this one.
-This one.
-No, not that one, honey.
-We're eating this.
-No.
Let's put it back.
We're going home to eat dinner. Come on.
Leo, come on!
Christ…
-Hi, Jan.
-Where are the documents you promised?
-They're ready, right?
-Yes. You'll have them later.
I'm on top of it. You'll get them later.
-As long as you promise…
-No, stop.
-Excuse me?
-Put it back! Don't lick those!
-Lick what?
-Not you, Jan. Give me that.
-I need them now.
-They're not expecting them till the 12th.
-That may very well be…
-Yes.
Cecilie, I prefer
to stay ahead on this, okay?
Yes, of course.
Give me that. We're going home for dinner.
We're not eating chips now!
Sorry, Leo is just…
-Hello?
-Leo?
Leo, stay here!
Jan, you'll get them later. I'll call.
Leo?
What a damn little brat!
What?
-What's going on here?
-Hi, Cecilie.
I'm removing the bad energies.
Bad energies?
This commune thing is so great.
-I didn't know you were into that stuff.
-Perhaps I'm not at all like you think.
You should get a sex room
now that you've got the chance.
Your body clearly needs orgasmic release.
That's one of the benefits
of communal living. More hands.
I'm at your disposal as well.
For babysitting, I mean.
I have to put away the groceries.
You do that.
And then go enjoy
the nice weather with the others.
-Christ, what is that smell?
-Baked tofu.
With celery compote. Nice, right?
No. That's a crocodile and a tiger.
-That's not a tiger.
-Then what is it?
A lion. It doesn't have stripes.
Go, score! Come on!
Yes! You're fantastic.
Amazing coordination.
-You got that from me.
-Not from me?
-No. I suppose it's from you.
-Mom play?
-Should I ask Mom to join us?
-Yes.
-Can you get the ball?
-Honey, Leo wants you to come play.
-I'm hanging out with Sille.
-Okay.
Great.
Look. How many are there?
Three, that's right.
-And how many are there?
-One.
-Yes, that's right.
-Hello, you two.
-Hi, Liv.
-What are you doing?
She's solving problems.
She's so good. It's for four-year-olds.
She aces them.
Sille shouldn't play with iPads.
She's not playing. She's doing math.
Math?
She's only two years old.
But she likes it.
Right, Sille-bug? You think it's fun.
-Yes.
-You're calling her "Sille-bug"?
Yes. I mean, unless you mind?
No. It's fine.
But, Cecilie,
please respect it when I say no iPad.
Come on, Leo! Yes!
Let me grab that.
Score a goal past Dad.
-What are you doing?
-Yes! All right! Wow!
-What's up?
-He still won't sleep?
Andreas is still trying.
Christ!
Right. Here you go.
There.
No, just…
-Okay.
-Finally, dinner for the adults.
I see we're having a party
with limited invitations.
-We just stopped by to say hi.
-Join us. There's plenty of food.
No, thank you, we've already eaten.
-What are you celebrating?
-The new commune.
-A commune?
-Well, Liv and Malte have moved in.
With Sille.
-Moved in here?
-Isn't it great?
Just like when we were young.
Everyone shared everything
in the spirit of community.
Great times, right?
You can't just mix
your lives together like that.
It'll be pure chaos.
Children need structure and boundaries.
I'm just saying.
Nonsense, Irene. Children need love.
-And now they're getting twice as much.
-Has she known all along?
-We've just been so busy.
-Have you lost your mind?
-No.
-What's next?
Shared finances? A hen house?
Braiding each other's armpit hair?
Calm down.
We're getting all tense
from the bad vibes you're bringing.
I deeply apologize, Ulla.
Come, Lars. We're leaving.
-Come on.
-I didn't mean it like that.
I'll handle it.
Mom.
Wait a minute.
If she's going to be showing up here
whenever she wants,
I am done visiting.
-Let's not--
-That woman drives me insane!
A few birthdays I can handle,
but I won't let her invade
my daughter's home.
Yes, she's over the top.
But if we want to see Sille,
then we all have to make some sacrifices.
There has to be another solution.
You should get to decide
when and how you want to see her.
She's your daughter!
Right. But unfortunately,
it's not that simple.
A bit higher there. Oh God!
Oh, Malte! Malte!
Yes, I know. I'll email you
the documents, okay?
-As soon as I get into the office.
-They have to get them on time.
I promise it'll be before 9:00 a.m.
Yes. All right, bye.
Good morning.
-Good morning.
-Thanks for last night.
-Right back at you.
Do we have to be naked
now that we're all living together?
-I'll go put on some clothes.
-Do that.
-Good morning, Malte.
-Good morning.
-You're an early bird.
Yes, always.
Good morning, honey.
I'm letting Leo blow off some steam.
He's got a lot of energy this morning.
Sille, are you just bored over there?
You should have
something exciting to play with.
This is both fun and challenging.
Look what I have for you. An ABC puzzle.
Look. That's S for "snake."
-Where does that go?
-Here!
That's right.
Cecilie? I don't think
you should give her such advanced puzzles.
Something simpler
with colors or animal sounds
is better-suited to a two-year-old.
Puzzles are harmful too now?
Do you know how unhealthy it is
to push a child too early?
Kids should be primal,
at least until they're four.
You don't want Sille to play
with anything that stimulates the brain?
-That will hinder her development.
-This one…
Thanks, but she'll be fine.
-Leo doesn't play with that stuff.
-Because he can't.
Leo is far behind
in his development compared to Sille.
I used to blame myself for that,
but not anymore.
-Now I'm thinking it's the genes.
-You don't think environment plays a role?
No, not in this case.
Let's try to maintain
that happy morning vibe we have here.
-What's going on?
-Nothing.
This is an "A" for asshole.
Leo!
-Last call if you want breakfast!
-No breakfast.
-I'll make the lunch boxes.
-I got it.
-I want to do it.
-But I've got it.
-Malte? That one can't handle detergent.
-Which one?
-That one. I'll take that one.
-Right, sure.
-Ouch.
-Sorry.
What's wrong? Is your back hurting, Malte?
Yeah, I don't know.
I think it's the bad postures at work.
-It often hurts.
-What's this?
No, Sille. We're not playing with iPads.
This is your fault, Cecilie.
Coffee, anyone?
We barely slept last night.
Did Leo keep you awake again?
It's probably my fault.
I didn't sleep until I was ten.
Thanks for giving Leo those genes.
And I'm glad you find it amusing.
Thanks for giving me a fussy daughter
who won't get her hands dirty.
-Anytime.
-Thanks. I might just take you up on that.
-Ten damn years!
-Fine.
House meeting tonight!
What's this, sweetie?
Oh, nothing.
I just thought a change might be nice.
Doesn't this optimize the room better?
It's a nice thought,
but I liked it the way it was.
Just like it's always been.
Come and help me put this thing back.
Sure, okay…
-Come on.
-Right.
Yes.
I have a craniosacral therapy appointment
to prepare for.
In the meantime, put the rest back, right?
DANISH PHARMA COMPANY DEVELOPS EQUIPMENT
FOR CANCER DIAGNOSIS THROUGH BIOPSY
Can I help you?
Yes.
You can.
Is Poul here?
Poul Frederiksen.
Yes. But he's meeting
with the Childhood Cancer Foundation.
Do you have an appointment?
No.
Never mind.
No, let me ask you,
is Poul a good boss?
Yes. In fact, he's the best.
He always gives
personal gifts on birthdays.
He lets us take the time off we need
if our children are sick.
Why?
Nothing. Thanks.
-Okay.
-Bye.
HOW DO WE BEST SECURE
CHILDREN'S WELFARE AND TREATMENT?
Would you like to leave a message or…?
-I could interrupt his meeting.
-No, don't do that.
I just… I'm sorry.
Whenever you have the time.
Preferably now.
Should I ask Max?
-Yes?
-No. I've got it.
Good. Have it done by 10:00 p.m.
Absolutely.
Cecilie, how's it going
with that friend of yours?
-Who?
-The one with the commune?
Oh, the one with the family commune…
It's going… well.
I just figured if it wasn't working out,
I could still take on the custody case.
That's great to know.
But things are going swimmingly.
-Okay, that's great.
-Wonderful.
-How nice.
-Yes.
"Cockporn"!
-"Cockporn"!
-Hi, honey.
-"Cockporn"! We want it!
-Okay.
-"Cockporn"?
-Yes, we made popcorn. Right, Leo?
-Ah, you made popcorn.
-"Cockporn"!
-Where's Sille?
-She got picked up a while ago.
I'd just arranged with Liv
to pick up both.
"Cockporn"!
Liv said they were having
some quality time.
"Cockporn"!
-Leo.
-"Cockporn"!
-Hi.
Quiet, Leo.
Right. Welcome to the house meeting.
We need to rethink our onboarding process.
I think we can all agree,
we weren't on the same page
from the start.
-I don't understand a thing.
-We must play to each other's strengths.
Yes, please.
How do we do that?
By streamlining
our work processes as shown here.
-Is this my date muffin recipe, Andreas?
-Yes, they're so good.
I'm considering serving them
at my open house showings.
-What a great idea.
-Thank you.
Oh God!
Here's rule number one. Decent clothing.
Everyone above the age of two
wears clothes in the house.
Shouldn't kids have
a natural understanding of the body?
-No, thank you, Malte. Rule number two--
-No, we take turns, right?
I'd prefer if we only had gluten-free,
lactose-free, and sugar-free groceries.
-Christ…
-Yes, Cecilie.
My child… children should not
be addicted to that poison.
Okay. So no brain food whatsoever?
Sille and all other children need protein
to boost their development.
-You can't live on rice cakes.
-I've got something.
We should decorate the house
according to feng shui.
-Feng what?
-Feng shui.
Liv and I discussed the interplay
between humans and their surroundings.
I haven't been sleeping as well
since we moved the bed.
Your sleep troubles could be because
our child turns into a gremlin at night.
Apropos, we should try letting
the kids sleep in the same room.
-Co-sleeping is supposedly quite healthy.
-I doubt it. But we can try.
-Let's move on.
-Cecilie?
I'd like to lower the level of conflict
in this house by establishing a code word
to use when our boundaries
have been crossed.
-A code word?
-It has helped me and my mom a lot.
-For example, our code word is "tulip."
-How cute.
-Very pedagogical.
-I have a very pedagogical mind, Cecilie.
And I think Sille and Leo
should switch to a Waldorf daycare.
I'm not happy
with the current artistic initiatives
and lack of anthroposophic insight.
-Honey--
-I'm not.
Now she's sitting here
undermining Danish public education.
Yes.
So you're saying Sille and Leo
shouldn't be academically stimulated.
Should we just suppress them
and push them into the world
to become unemployed artists or musicians?
-Musicians are, in fact, artists.
-Yes, they are.
-Dad!
-Not again.
No, I'll go. This house meeting is over.
-I'm not done.
-I am! I can't handle any more tonight.
Christ…
-Leo, why aren't you sleeping?
-Not Mom.
Lie down, okay?
It's late. Sille is sleeping.
-Not Mom.
-No, not Mom.
Never Mom. But you have to sleep
because I can't take it anymore!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, honey.
-Binky.
-Oh, sweetheart.
I'm sorry, honey.
Oh, hi!
Sorry, I'm just borrowing your toilet.
Ours is clogged, so…
And then I took a quick bath in the tub.
We don't have one in our bathroom,
so I hope it's okay.
-So are you done now?
-Yes, I'm done.
-So can I use my own bathroom?
-Yes, of course.
-Good night.
Christ.
I think the house meeting went well.
Put away the computer.
-Are you okay?
-No, I'm not freaking okay.
Our home has been invaded
by a biodynamic Bedouin circus.
-This was your idea.
-A piss-poor idea.
I like all of us living together.
In for a penny, in for a pound, Cecilie.
-Sweetie, isn't it time for bed?
-I have to deliver this tonight.
I see. Well, thank you for today.
-Sleep well.
-Yes.
Cecilie, I can't believe you.
That's too much.
I fell asleep. I had to deliver it
by 10:00 p.m. last night.
You're going to burn out
if you're not careful.
-Your job is not that important.
-Yes, it is.
-If I want that promotion…
-To hell with the promotion.
I'm about to turn 50, honey!
It's now or never.
Max is constantly breathing down my neck.
And I always feel guilty about Leo.
Apparently, I can't do anything right! I…
-Maybe Leo and I are just a bad match.
-Stop.
-It's possible.
-Listen.
You need to take it easy.
Right? Maybe take a vacation.
Or a leave of absence.
It might let you bond more with Leo.
Just think about it, okay?
Liv, it's no good. She's got a fever.
Yes, but my whole day is booked.
What should I do?
Neither of us can stay home.
-She's got a fever?
-Yes.
Hi, sweetie. Can I have a feel?
You're burning up.
Leo, come on. We have to go.
Andreas, Sille's got a fever.
Could you take her?
Sorry, I have seven showings today.
What are we going to do?
I can take her.
-Really?
-Seriously?
-Do you have the time?
-You said I needed a break.
You've never taken the day off
for a sick child.
No, I guess this will be my first.
Thank you so much, Cecilie.
Oh, sweetie. Get well soon.
Have a nice day. Come, Leo!
-There…
-See you, sweetie. Thank you.
-Off you go.
-Get well soon.
-Come on. Yes.
-Bye.
Bye.
Well? Now it's just the two of us.
-A lot of rabbits!
-There are so many rabbits!
-Yes.
-Where? There's one there.
-And there.
-No.
-Oh?
-Maybe I should hold it?
-Yes, maybe you should.
That's right! All right!
Seriously? Didn't the key say--
-No!
-No, really!
Should we listen to what it says?
Ding-dong.
-Ding-dong. Come inside.
-Can I come in?
Yes. Hello, I'd like to… Oh no!
Should we try again? I'll sing along.
A, B
-C, D…
-C, D, E, S, G
H, I, J, K, L, M, P
-Hi, Jan.
-You're not here.
And we need to finish the case.
My child is sick, so--
-I'll just have to give it to Max.
-Yes, you do that.
Mom.
You have to be available…
I have to go, Jan. Bye.
No, Cecilie--
There…
Hi. Did you just wake up?
Will you look at this?
Little sleepy mouse, come here.
Sweetheart.
Yes…
Sweetie. Yes.
Hi, Cecilie.
Hi, Max. Did you get my mail
with the info on Iversen?
-Yes.
-Good.
Let me ask,
that friend of mine,
who you know perfectly well is me,
if she decided to move forward
with the custody case,
what are the chances of winning it?
I'd say 90/10 in our favor.
Let's do it. Bye.
Mom, did you ever hear from Poul?
He never called or wrote on my birthday?
-Nothing?
-No.
And weren't we done with this?
Yes, but, I mean,
sometimes people change their minds.
Maybe he did, too, and wants to see me.
I can't imagine that.
That man was
the world's biggest narcissist.
Are you sure?
Yes!
He was completely egoistical, selfish,
with no regard for anyone but himself.
And that's the end of that.
-Thanks. See you, bye.
-See you.
Hi, Dad.
Hello, my darling. Hi.
Look, there he is.
That hat really suits you.
-I'm stressed because I got a C.
-Don't be mad about getting a C.
You got A's in the rest.
-Are you hungry?
-Yes.
I've booked a table at the steakhouse.
-Let's go eat some T-bones!
-Yes!
-Press that one.
-That one.
Yes. Let's see what happens.
Press it again.
What don't you understand, Cecilie?
I said no iPad!
Easy, you're scaring her.
-You're fucking messed up.
-Fine.
I won't have my daughter paced to become
an A-student workaholic like you who--
Potato.
What?
That's our new anti-conflict code word
that you asked for. Potato.
-Leo!
-Sille.
-Sille?
-Cecilie, we need to talk about this.
-Cecilie.
-Leo.
-Sille!
-Leo!
Cecilie, stop. We have to talk about this.
Oh yes!
It's really hard.
Ow, ow, ow.
Oh yes.
What are you doing?
Malte's back was all messed up,
so I figured he could benefit
from Andreas's magical fingers.
But, Andreas, why are you naked?
I didn't want my clothes
to get all greasy.
And you're using rapeseed oil
from the kitchen?
-Yes.
-At least it's not Vaseline.
Hi, Cecilie.
-Hi.
-We missed you yesterday.
But Max handled the Iversen contract,
so that was good.
I hope you won't make a habit
of taking those sick days off.
That'd reduce your chances
of becoming partner.
The whole team will be working
the next few weekends to make deadline.
I expect you to do so too, for once.
That's seriously enough, Jan, okay?
Cut it out right now!
I am the hardest-working employee
you've ever had.
That means I'm the shittiest mom
who never gets to see her kid!
Shut the fuck up!
You got six months of maternity leave.
You don't know how lucky you are.
No one here, man or woman,
has ever gotten that.
-Doesn't that sound tragic to you?
-Nope.
Right, well, listen here.
This stops right now.
I'm not missing
any more time with my child. Period.
Max, here's max work for you.
I quit.
Cecilie… After 11 years?
Can't we sit down
and have a calm discussion about it?
I'm sure we can find a solution
that works for both of us.
I'll tell you the solution.
I'll be taking a really long time-out
from work and from you.
That's the solution.
Perhaps I won't be back
because I'll start my own firm.
If anyone is just as tired
of this shitty, discriminating place,
you know where to find me.
Honey? Andreas?
I'm here, honey.
I quit my job.
-You what?
-Yes! I quit!
You were right.
I couldn't handle the pressure.
I'm missing too much at home.
But, honey, that's wonderful.
You're so cool and brave.
And beautiful as well.
And a bit out of my mind. Right?
And what about this palace?
Who's going to pay the mortgage?
I don't know.
We'll just dip into our savings.
Or we'll just have to move.
What's going on?
Cecilie just quit her job.
-It's crazy.
-Congratulations.
-That's great for all of us.
-What? Yes.
Cecilie!
Sille-bug! Come here.
Hi, sweetie. You know what I did?
I quit my job.
So now I can be
with you and Leo all the time.
Wonderful, right?
Yes. Right, come here, Sille.
We were just playing with blocks.
Come here.
Come here, sweetie.
Let's go play with the blocks.
Mom's little darling.
Honey? I'm so proud of you for…
I'm sorry, but the fact that you
of all people quit your job?
COOL MOVE TODAY. JAN WAS COMPLETELY LOST
AND HAD TO GO HOME EARLY.
STILL WANT ME TO FILE THE CASE?
Honey?
I promised Liv
that you wouldn't break her rules.
Since you'll be spending
a lot more time alone with the kids.
No learning games or iPads.
No breaking her rules, right?
YES
Can you fill these up?
-No, you get over here to me.
-Coffee?
-Bye.
Have a nice day.
-Have a nice day.
-Bye.
What are you eating?
Good night.
-Malte?
-Yes.
I went to see my dad.
What?
That's crazy! But
why now?
I think this mess with us and the kids
has made me think about my own childhood.
And seeing how great you are as a father,
it's made me realize what I missed out on.
Right, I get that.
What was he like?
Not at all what I had imagined.
Very career-minded. Ambitious.
Okay.
But I don't know
how he is as a human being.
I didn't get to speak to him.
Why not?
I got cold feet.
And maybe my mom is right.
Maybe he doesn't have room
for me in his life.
You'll never know
if you don't give him the chance.
But he rejected me back then.
Now he's got a new life.
And a new family.
Never mind.
Liv?
Honey?
Hey.
I love you.
And maybe you're right.
Maybe he doesn't have room for you.
But you just found him.
I think you'll regret it if you don't try.
And hey.
If you find each other,
then Sille will have a granddad.
Sille and Leo both.
I'd love that.
Come here.
-Good morning.
-Want to join?
-No.
Come on. Grab a mat.
Are you okay with being home?
You don't miss work?
No. Right now I'm just enjoying it.
No matter how fast I ran,
it was never enough.
-Having small kids is not easy.
-No.
I know I said I'd work less,
when I had a child, but
I just love treating people.
And things are starting to go so well.
But I don't see Sille and Leo
as much as I want.
Just enjoy your success.
You certainly shouldn't apologize for it.
Malte thinks I'm away too much. It's hard.
Don't feel guilty.
The most important thing
is that you do what makes you happy, Liv.
It's best for all of you.
NO NEWS YET, BUT I EXPECT IT SOON
I dream about opening my own place.
A place that's all mine,
where I'm the one deciding everything.
I get that.
Sometimes I feel like
I've suppressed some aspects of myself.
As if there's more to me.
Some drive or ambition.
Maybe I get it from my dad.
And that's why
I haven't understood or fulfilled it.
Understandable,
considering you don't know your origins.
Yeah, maybe.
It can be hard to figure out
what you got from your genes.
As opposed to how you're affected
by the people around you.
-Biology and environment.
-Right.
Cecilie? Feel free to say no.
But would you maybe come with me
to look at some locations?
I can't ask my mom or Malte.
They need a bit of persuasion.
I'd love to.
Seriously?
-That's so sweet of you.
-You're welcome.
It feels great to finally
share it with someone.
Thank you.
Good. Let's go to Dog.
We're going to the dogs?
-Let's go to the dogs, then.
-There.
-Cheers!
-And congratulations on the sale, honey.
-Yes, congrats!
Thanks. It felt great to sell Rosenvænget.
Now there's just the plot on Jersin Allé.
-That one bugs me.
-He's never satisfied.
Hello.
-Hi, Dad.
-Hi.
-How cozy.
-Yes.
I brought a pair of goals
to make a proper soccer field.
-What do you say?
-Yes! Let's play a match.
-Sure.
-Yes!
Kids! Soccer time!
-Want to join, Liv?
-Okay!
A high kick!
-Who's in?
-I want to pick the teams.
-Come on.
-Come on, kids.
-A goal here.
-It's so pretty, sweetie.
-And one over here.
-Here?
Are you okay?
Right now? Very much okay.
Good.
Take it! Kick!
-Come on!
-You're great!
I used to live in a commune
in my early twenties.
I loved it.
The sense of community.
-I didn't know that, Dad.
-No.
It wasn't really your mom's thing.
A bit too alternative for her taste.
Deep down, she probably feared
it would get too messy.
With too many ladies.
And were there?
Well, there was one…
Or three.
-Will you join us?
-I'm coming.
The referee has entered the field.
Let's go. Go, Leo.
Yes!
-All right!
-Dancing time. Ready?
All right! Well done!
You're fast.
He's so talented.
-Get it in there!
-You're so good!
-No!
-Yes.
Yes!
You've reached Max.
Please leave a message.
Hi, Max. It's Cecilie.
I'd like to withdraw the custody case.
I've changed my mind.
I'll pay for your time, of course.
But have them withdraw the case.
Thanks. Bye.
He's flying!
-Let's go.
-He does a feint.
Nice save, Leo!
"Fast as lightning, the snow owl Ulla
flies away from the polar bear."
-It's over there.
-Yes, that's right.
"She flies high up in the blue sky.
The sun is shining, but Ulla isn't happy."
Look.
Yes, look at that.
Love Mom.
Sweetheart. What was your mother thinking?
Hey, there are pictures.
-Look what I have for you.
-Wow, it looks delicious.
What's this? Did you get some chocolate?
-Wow, I get a whole one?
-Look at me.
-Leo…
-You're such a rascal.
Honey, can she try
a tiny piece of bacon? Just to humor me?
A tiny bite, if she wants to.
-Don't pressure her.
-All right, honey.
Taste the world's greatest invention.
Yes.
Yummy.
That's Daddy's girl.
I'm sorry…
Now I've made it a bit too formal.
I wanted to say a few words.
I've always been kind of…
And then I met you, and you're more like…
And then I had a child that was…
And you had a child that was more like…
And then we learned that yours
was actually mine, and mine was yours.
And then I got confused.
Now we're here.
And I'm not just…
-And you're not just…
-No.
Nobody is.
We're all just people.
Honey…
So I'm sorry.
That was beautiful, Cecilie.
Really beautiful.
That must be the grocery delivery.
I'll get that.
-Hi, Max.
-Hi, Cecilie.
The door was open, so…
I've tried to reach you.
-Did you get my message?
-I couldn't hear it.
There was a lot of noise,
but if you said what I think you did,
then we can't just call it off, can we?
Just like that.
-The papers are filed.
-But, Max--
Need help with the groceries? Hi, Max.
Hi, Andreas. Sorry to intrude
on a Saturday, but it couldn't wait.
Right.
As I was telling Cecilie,
about your custody case…
Custody case?
We can't just drop it.
The papers were submitted
to the Agency of Family Law.
What?
A custody case?
Regarding Sille?
-Seriously? Cecilie?
-What the hell are you thinking?
I didn't know
you all still lived together.
How nice.
I'll scoot off and let you sort this out.
-Call me, Cecilie.
-I'll call you.
Have a nice Saturday.
Have you lost your mind?
That long speech you just gave
was all just lies?
No, it wasn't. I meant every word of it.
I'm sorry. It was a mistake.
I regretted it, and I told Max.
What are you doing? I don't understand.
Liv, I can't stand
the way you're raising Sille.
I think you're ruining her.
You're doing the opposite
of what I think is best.
As if you know what's best
when it comes to being a parent.
You're probably the world's worst mom!
Am I? You have so many rules
and restrictions for Sille.
It would drive anyone totally nuts.
Rules for food. Rules for toys.
Even for the fucking carbon footprint!
-Yes, because they're healthy rules!
-You tell everyone to be open-minded.
But you're so narrow-minded.
You act all holy and balanced.
Your way is the only right way.
-Yes, because it is.
-You know what?
You've pushed me over the edge
with your hippie rules,
pseudo lifestyle, and all that nonsense!
I'm so sick of your crap!
Fine. We'll just move out, then.
Okay.
If we're so terrible to live with,
we'll just move out, right?
What? Yes, of course.
No, Liv. Let's try to be friends.
Things were going so well.
For the children.
Mom!
Sille-bug.
Come here.
Yes.
Mom.
Fine, Cecilie. You win.
-What?
-You win!
You can have your biological child,
and we'll take ours. We'll switch.
What?
-We'll go pack.
-But…
-Our lawyer will be in touch.
-Liv, we have to find a solution.
Come here, Sille.
You'll have to make do with me
until you get your real mom.
-Malte…
-See you, Leo, honey.
Enjoy him while you can.
You won't see any of us again after this.
Come on, Malte!
Malte?
There must be
something you can do, dammit!
It's Liv's decision.
So we have to give up Leo?
That's not going to happen.
-There's nothing we can do.
-Cecilie!
She's legally entitled to him.
She gave birth to him.
Damn it, I refuse to believe it!
We'll be back
with a moving van as soon as possible.
Malte, where will you go?
You've rented out your allotment house.
We'll just have to stay with Ulla.
Fantastic.
It can't end like this, Malte.
There must be something we can do.
It's too late.
This is just too bad.
Time to sleep.
Mom…
I miss Sille.
Yes.
I miss her too.
How can you not have Netflix?
Or at least any TV channel?
I never watch TV.
Would you like
some more root vegetables, Malte?
Or some lingonberry juice?
No, thank you, Ulla. I'm good.
This is so nice.
You can stay as long as you want.
Mom!
What's up, sweetie? Still can't sleep?
There, there, sweetie.
Sleep.
Right, sweetie.
You're telling me now
you can't pick her up?
Actually, I can.
Since Cecilie can't do it,
I have to do both drop-off and pick-up,
since you're so busy.
God forbid you support my career,
now it's finally going well.
I want Leo.
Yes, honey.
We're going to see Leo in daycare now.
Not everybody loves their job
so much they forget everything else.
That's enough.
You're starting to sound like my mom!
-I'm what?
-Yes.
It feels like
you're trying to hold me down.
I can't take it!
Why can't you be happy for me?
-Liv, come on. It's just--
-No!
Come on!
-It's probably for the best.
-Sille!
Now you'll finally get a child
that's more like you, right?
Mom, I have to go.
I can't use the phone at daycare.
-I see--
-Jesus Christ…
Hey.
Malte.
See you soon, Leo.
I mean…
-Good morning.
I hear Leo is switching daycare this fall?
I didn't see that coming.
Or perhaps I misunderstood something?
If you ask me, you should just get started
because you have so much to offer.
-Let me know if you need investors.
-I'm so glad to hear you say that, Louise.
-Of course.
-Thank you so much.
No, thank you.
Now I can play tennis again.
That's great. Go for it.
-See you.
-See you, Louise. Bye.
What was that about?
Mom.
I've decided to open my own clinic.
I've dreamt about it
for a long time, and, well…
I hope you'll support me.
Well, if it's your dream,
of course I won't stand in your way,
although I'm a little hurt
you don't want to do it with me anymore.
Well, it is.
It's my dream.
And I'm going to contact my dad.
No, Liv. That's a bad idea.
-You'll be disappointed.
-That may very well be, Mom.
But I'll regret it
if I don't at least try.
I found out where he works.
Honey, I…
I might have…
What?
Well, Poul and I both might have had
a say in how things played out.
What are you saying?
He does want to see me?
It's not that simple.
He was obsessed with his career
and couldn't find the time.
-So you didn't want to share me?
-Not with a man who didn't deserve it.
He didn't deserve you!
I was just trying to protect you.
Yes.
But I'm not a little girl anymore.
And I want to get to know my dad.
See you, Mom.
-Hi again.
-Hi.
I need to speak to Poul.
-Right now, please.
-Yes.
Of course. Follow me.
Right.
Right, but if you could… Yes?
Excuse me, Poul. You have a visitor.
I think it's important.
-Excuse me.
-Of course.
-Yes?
-Yes, I'm sorry.
I'm…
A very ambitious intern?
No.
I'm your daughter.
Liv?
I'm sorry it ended the way it did, Liv.
But we were so young.
I was a young, ambitious nerd,
who wanted a career.
Did you have to choose
between work and family?
Ulla thought I did
because of how ambitious I was.
I dreamt about starting this business.
I dreamt about success.
Doing something good in the world.
I try to do that with this company.
But Ulla couldn't accept that.
But that's not her fault.
Of course I should have insisted
and done what was best for you.
I'll just have to live with that. Yes.
So…
you never had a family?
Yes.
I did.
It took a few years,
but then I found a woman.
And with her,
the work-life balance worked out.
I learned how to communicate
my needs clearly.
While also taking hers
into consideration, of course.
And I had two kids.
Philippa and Elliott.
They're 20 and 17 years old.
So you have two half-siblings, Liv.
And I often imagined how great it would be
if the three of you had each other.
But maybe it's not entirely too late?
If I should be so lucky
that you can forgive me, then…
maybe we could start fresh.
Maybe.
I always hated being an only child.
Liv, I…
I hope you believe me,
when I tell you that…
the greatest regret in my life
is not watching you grow up.
Christ…
-Hi, honey.
-Hi, Dad.
There you are.
Mom says everything's gone south.
She thinks it's for the best,
since you get to keep Sille.
It's a mess. A big mess, Dad.
What are you doing?
-Gardening, I think.
-I see.
It's funny seeing you like this.
It almost looks like…
-Is that me?
-Yes.
You were quite the wild toddler.
Uncontrollable. And a hothead.
-Dad, I've never seen this before.
-No.
Your mom hid them.
She didn't like me taking photos
before you'd taken a bath,
or when you were too wild.
She had a hard time accepting
that you weren't like her.
Sound familiar?
So I made this extra album
in case you need to be reminded
of your inner rascal.
See here…
-Look at that.
-No!
-It's like looking at Leo.
-Absolutely.
When did I become such a nice girl?
I suppose it wasn't
until after Mette-Line came along.
Look.
-Oh…
-Yes.
-You were so proud of your sister.
You found great joy in each other.
I have to go, Dad.
Someone's had second thoughts.
Back with their tail between their legs.
No, you wish. I just need to talk to Max.
But, Cecilie, we can discuss your return.
Maybe just part-time?
No, thanks, Jan.
-Hi, Cecilie.
-Max, I need your help.
I don't understand…
You decided not to do it, right?
Yes, we need to stop the custody case.
Okay. I'm on it.
Cecilie, I've got it covered.
Thank you.
-There's something else as well.
-Yes?
Do you also specialize in property law?
Yes, I do.
Do you always kiss your realtors?
Only the cutest and the best ones.
See you!
-I've--
-I want to--
-Can we talk?
-Sure.
-Liv, I just--
-I can't stand living with you!
I thought I was so damn open-minded.
But I'm not at all, am I?
I'm domineering and manipulative.
-I want to decide everything!
-Yes, but I'm worse.
I do everything to oppress my son.
I'm training him like a poodle.
Sit properly. Eat and behave properly!
I'm so hysterical I won't even
let my own daughter develop naturally.
I won't let her use
the left side of her brain at all.
I'm such a bad mom that I want to switch
my son for a miniature version of myself!
I'm the bad mom!
I'm willing to trade my daughter
because I feel left out.
Because she is so fucking like you!
It's been so hard
not being able to connect with Leo.
It's not his fault.
I've been under so much pressure,
running on an empty tank.
He's sensed that.
I'm sorry, Liv.
I don't know what I was thinking
with that custody case.
I'm sorry.
I should probably apologize as well.
I'm sorry that I didn't give you
any space with Sille.
You're as much her mom as I am.
I just needed to get used to it.
I can't do without Leo, either.
And those two kids shouldn't be
without each other. They are sort of…
-Siblings?
-Yes.
In the most crazy, alternative way.
Yes.
Christ…
The daycare.
-You finally made it.
-Hi. Sorry.
When you can't show up on time,
I have to call your husbands.
Damn it, Liv.
Stop, Malte. Can you please
not make me feel bad right now?
Liv, how hard can it be
to prioritize Sille and our family?
-Honey, can we talk?
-What?
-Can we… Come here.
-Hi, sweetie.
Come on.
-Honey, seriously.
-I know. I'm sorry.
What is it?
I spoke with my dad today.
He said it's important
to communicate your needs, so…
I know I said I wanted to work less,
but honestly, Malte…
I feel like the worst mom saying this.
Maternity leave was boring as hell.
-You've never told me that.
-No, because I was ashamed.
I love Sille with all my heart.
I really do.
But it feels wonderful to go to work
and forget all about parenting.
I'm damn great at what I do.
I feel like I'm making a difference.
I need to be more than someone's mom.
Is it okay for me to feel that?
Of course it is.
Thank you.
I also want to open my own clinic,
so I'll be extra busy for a while.
Of course, you should do that.
That's so great for you.
And it might be nice
to have some distance from your mom.
-Yes.
-Especially if I sound like her.
But how will we do it
if we're both working so much?
I might have a solution.
What do you think?
Wow, Cecilie. A house? It's very nice.
Not just one house.
Two houses.
Here. Go play over there, okay?
This is the plot I had trouble selling
because of the two very different houses.
The owner's aunt lived in the guest house,
which is not everyone's cup of tea.
But I found it quite charming.
And I figured you might like it.
I was just waiting for the right buyer.
One who needed a house like this…
And a house like this…
It might be presumptuous, but I bought it.
What?
I've had the plot divided into two deeds.
One in each of the children's names, so…
Sille, you're actually
the owner of that little blue house.
-I want the big one!
-Sure you do.
And Leo?
-This is your house.
-Nice, right?
We'll be living close to each other,
but under separate roofs.
-How do you feel about that?
-I must admit it's tempting.
We wouldn't have to look
at your ugly designer furniture.
And we'd get rid
of your nauseating incense
and insufferable monk music.
I wouldn't have to smell your nasty meat
and your decorative pillows.
I can't wait to not deal
with those curtains that you walk into.
Andreas, let's take one of the houses
and they can take the other
so we don't have to listen to them.
Malte, that's an excellent idea.
-What about the kids?
-We could do a week on, week off.
Supposedly, it's very modern.
You have both kids for seven days
and then seven days with no kids or…?
-That's a great idea.
-I want Sille on her birthday.
Fine, then we have her on Christmas Eve.
No, we should spend Christmas together.
We'd love to! But our kids eat duck
on Christmas Eve.
We'll go all in. I'm making roast pork.
No! My kids are not eating pork rinds.
You know pigs have blackheads, right?
-Liv, potato!
-No, Cecilie.
You're not using "potato" right.
You can't use it like that.
Sure you can!
-There are other options.
-Like what?
You could have sex all over again.
-I need to sleep.
-Come on, honey.
No, honey. I don't have the energy.
I'm sorry!
I'll drag them through media hell
and then I'll fu…
Seriously? "I'll fuck them!"
I'll drag them through media hell
and crush them so hard
that they won't recognize
their own assholes.
Wow.
Gunslinger.
I don't mean real sleeping pills.
I mean sleeping pills for children.
Why are you naked, Andreas?
What do you mean? I'm wearing underwear.
-Why are you not wearing clothes?
-I didn't want my clothes to get greasy.
-Damn it, Mille.
-Sorry, I'll leave.
-Come in here and do it properly.
-Okay.
-You need to relax.
-No, I don't have the energy right now.
It's so crazy to watch you
get pulled back like that.
I'm much worse than you.
I do everything to oppress my son…
We're training him as if he were a poodle.
Yes! Yes, you are. Or…
Your turn. Say something.
No, honey. I don't have the energy.
Let's rewind.
I think it's time we stop.
It was me.
-That was a fart.
-The world's biggest fart.
Who was it? Who'll confess?
-It was me.
-It was me!
Subtitle translation by: Jesper Sodemann